Name: Nikhil N
USN: 1PI10IS062

1. DVM instructions: 

1)
	Instruction name: move (move a register's value)
	Syntax          : move vA, vB 
	Example         : move v0, v1 (Moves v1 into v0)
	   
2)
	Instruction name: return-void (Return from a void method)
	Syntax			: return-void	
	Example			: return-void

3)
	Instruction name: goto (Unconditionally jump to the indicated instruction)
	syntax          : goto +AA
	Example         : goto 0005  (Jumps to position 0005. 0005 is the label of the target instruction)

4)
	Instruction name: move wide (Move the contents of one register-pair to another.)
	syntax          : move-wide/from16 vAA, vBBBB
	Example         : move-wide/from16 v22, v0 (Moves v0 into v22)

5)
	Instruction name: throw (Throw the indicated exception.)
	syntax          : throw vAA
	Example         : throw v0 (Throws an exception. The exception object reference is in v0)
		
6)
	Instruction name: return (Return from a single-width (32-bit) non-object value-returning method.)
	syntax          : return vAA
	Example         : return v0 (Returns with return value in v0)
   
2. Differentiate between mobile computing and cloud computing:

	MOBILE COMPUTING:
	1. It is the ability to use computing capability without a pre-defined location and/or connection to a network to publish and/or 
	   subscribe to information.
	2. Need a physical device with you.
	   This could be a laptop or a mobile phone or some device which enables you to telework-working wherever you go because of the small size 
	   of the device you're using.
	3. The mobile cloud focuses on services available through mobile network operators.
	4. Clients are cell phones.
	5. Limited processing power, limited transmission power, low bandwidth, and limited battery power.

	CLOUD COMPUTING:
	1. Cloud computing is an expression used to describe a variety of computing concepts that involve a large number of computers
	   connected through a real-time communication network such as the Internet
	2. Allows you to store your files and folders in the "cloud" on the Internet, allowing access to all of your files and folders wherever you are in the world.
	   But you do need a physical device with Internet access to access it.
	3. Cloud services are used today to store, manage, and process a wide variety of data applications.
	4. Clients are computers.
	5. High processing power,large tranmission power,high bandwidth and  battery power.

3. Give an example of an application simulating an environment of  context aware computing and justify:

  Example:
  Purple Robot
  ------------------------------

  Description:
	
	Purple Robot is a sensing and scripting application that enables the creation of context-aware behavioral interventions and experiences.
	Purple Robot includes a full on-device sensor suite as well as embedded scripting environment exposed via an HTTP API that allows 
	companion apps (native and web-based) full access to the sensor and trigger functionality.
	
	Updated:
	November 5, 2013
 
	Size:
	5.5M
 
	Current Version:
	1.4.6
 
	Requires Android:
	2.2 and up
